All right, so we're ready to check out our book, search for your model in our search book in our search
screen there, of course we can.
The first thing we will do is go to our search screen and pass that view model.
OK, so what we do we say?
View model.
And knows exactly what the model we have and can be booked search for tomorrow.
And in this case, here, I'm going to instantiate a run away to say this is going to be a health field
model as such, but there's something else we need to do.
We actually have to go to our navigation reader navigation class here where we have all of our navigation
mapped out.
We have to instantiate precisely that view model model that is going to be passed along to our search
screen.
For this to work because we have a navigation attached to this app, so if you go back to reader book
search screen, if you hover over hilt here, let me make sure you can see everything is going to say
this returns in existing hill to view Model S. says an existing one that should tell you that we need
to have created or incinerators that fuel model or creates a new one scoped to the current navigation
graph.
No navigation graph is currently present.
Then the current scope will be used, usually a fragment or an activity.
So he tells us that we need to have some sort of way to create a back view model.
In the best place is the place that it has to happen is inside of our navigation.
So how do we do that inside of our composable here?
I remember when still we inside of our reader navigation search feel model, I'm going to see Hilton
mice do this.
It's going to be held to view model.
And then when I pass the actual class, we created the view model.
She's going to be books, social view model as such.
So this then passing like this, we are creating an instance of our hill to fill model, which we can
then pass here as a few model and pass our search for a model like this.
We must do that.
So now we go to search screen there.
Where do we call it?
Because we have a view model already waited to use instead of a screen?
Because remember on search here, right?
We have this lambda.
Let's go head to search form.
You can see you have this on search, which we pass the the item or the string that users have added
into our input field, which is the search per se, right?
And that on search here is called wear here because we passed that search query, get the value and
trim around.
And so we need to push, get that value and we can get that value and use it where, well, when we
call it which is in this lambda right here.
So here it is.
It is going to be the search query search query like this.
So we know we have a visual aid here.
So what do you need to do here?
Well, I have to view model so I can use it.
I can see view model.
Make sure to get that view model dot and I can go and get something else I need to do.
Let's go back to the view model.
Notice the this function here should not be private because I need to use it.
I need to call it right.
So I'm going to change that to just function like this.
Then go back to our reader there.
Now I'm going to have access to it so that search books in pass.
Well, I search query like that.
Or if I want to be more, yes, a query, it's going to be equal to a search query.
Now we have a book list here.
Let's click and see a book list right now just has this gibberish.
But what we want to do with our book list really is we want to also have our review model, and I want
to say it's equal to the hilt.
The model as such.
So now it has its own instance of this view model of piracy.
Let's see if we can get some data from our review model.
Copy this and comment that out, I guess get rid of all of this.
Let me put inside of this variable here so I can say view models that look at this.
I have access to this list, which you can see it's a list of item object, which is that book object
really?
Very good.
So if that's the case, then that means then I should have this list of books is going to be a list
of items.
Right?
But you're going to have a problem here because his book row, if we go to if you have over, is going
to say change primer, book to book row to item and we shall do that.
So now book here will expect a book item, which means then some problem will happen here because the
book item itself.
It's a bigger object, which means let's see if I command click the See.
The book item contains a lot of information about the book, so it calls other objects as well.
Access Info Screen, most of which we're not interested in.
What we're interested in is this volume object because this volume here info.
Let's go back to our code.
So the following info is that object that contains the information and want what title, author, publisher,
description and so forth.
So the item again represents each one of these items, which we call it a book, right?
We would call it a book per se, but it's not really.
It's a book wrapped inside of another object or that contains many other properties and so forth.
So we're just going to go probing and get what we need, which is this volume info.
That's the reason why.
And that's the reason why when we come back here, this is not going to work was going to say book that
title, that makes no sense because now it's not just a book that we created, it's actually an item
object.
So let's get rid of all of this, let's say book dot.
Now I'm going to go and get the volume info because that's what we need and then say, Dot title like
this and then do the same.
Volume info and get the authors like that.
So now we accessing each one of these properties or fields inside of this volume info, which really
is the actual book, you can get all of these other fields in which will do player testing things out
here to make sure.
Well, hopefully we see something.
OK, let's see if this works.
Let's go ahead and run this.
OK?
Let's see.
Let's go.
Now you can see, first of all, this is good because that means we're getting information from the
the API, which is really good.
So we have the authors and some of the authors are known and existing.
That's good and the reason why you see it's Android for dummies.
So it's Android books related is because we have, if you remember correctly, if we go back to our
book search, we have this search book, we pass it Android.
If I say Flutter and let's go ahead and run again, you will see we should see something different.
Well, it's going to be right now that Android is going to be flutter related books.
And the picture is going to be the same because we haven't really changed that much.
OK, wait, in the last letter.
This is great.
So we're getting the correct information.
We're getting whatever we're passing here to load the books right?
Get the books related to our query.
Now let's see if we add something here.
I'm going to say Android again or less is something different and say money to save money.
Related Books enter.
And just like that, ladies and gentlemen, you can see that we're able to get the information, the
correct information now it's about money.
This is great.
How do we get the images then?
Because remember, we do have for each book like go through and you can see we get to the imaging links
like this.
We can go and get the small thumbnail or another field called thumbnail.
How do we get that image?
Well, it's really simple now because go back to a reader, book there.
I actually go to book row.
We are hard coding our image here, aren't we?
So what we can do actually, let me get rid of all of this.
In fact, let me just keep that for now.
Image URL is going to be a type of string.
And then I'm going to just say, if this case or a book that volume info, that image links.
So what I'm doing now, I'm traversing through to get to what I want.
So volume.
That is the book itself.
I got title and everything, and I want to go and get to the images.
Well, scroll down is going to be image links that it's on object, right?
And then I'm going to go inside and get either small thumbnail or thumbnail and then image links.
What do we want?
Well, let's say I want the small thumbnail.
If that is empty, then means is equal to true like this.
Then then I'm going to just have this image because I know its goal is going to be there.
In fact, I'm going to actually get a different image from Unsplash.
That way is something a little bit more generic and so forth.
For that book, then we can have something default showing like that.
I'm going to say else then else that I'm going to say book volume info, image links, that small thumbnail.
Say to string like this, apparently I don't have to do that, and I'm going to have some kind of issues,
let's see what can we do?
Let's simplify the expression.
Sure.
There we go.
So now we have this image URL that we can pass in here.
So depending on the situation, if it goes and looks at the image small thumbnail of this book and there's
nothing there, I'm going to just have a generic image else.
Well, general, it's going to be equal to whatever we're getting from our API.
OK, let's see if this works.
Let's write.
OK, let's see.
And voila, there is still working because I changed to flatter, but if I change to something else
to say World War, not very peaceful here, clear way they go can see we have it.
It's working very good.
So if I say something else, software
development you should see and goes in factories that information.
Wonderful.
Well, congratulations if you were able to get to this point.
This is very exciting.
At least it makes me always excited to see all these things working when things are working, when things
are not working, it's never exciting, but it's also part of the job of becoming a developer.
It's like things will never work all the time, so we have to kind of fight for it.
But in any case, this is good.
All right, I'll see you next.